src/pages/build/oracles.mdx, before:

import CopyableCode from '@/components/CopyableCode'

# Oracles

Oracles are systems enabling smart contracts to access data from the real world. For example, a DeFi smart contract might require the price of Ether to function, but that is not information that is available onchain. The price must be fed to the contract via another contract that stores this information, i.e. an oracle. 

### Pyth

Pyth offers 250+ prices feeds for Ink.
See [this](https://docs.pyth.network/price-feeds/getting-started) guide to learn how to use Pyth feeds.

| Contract Name     | Contract Address                                                                                                                                      |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Pyth              | <CopyableCode code="0x2880aB155794e7179c9eE2e38200202908C17B43" href="https://explorer-sepolia.inkonchain.com/address/0x2880aB155794e7179c9eE2e38200202908C17B43?tab=contract" /> |

### Redstone

Redstone provides both pull and push price feeds for Ink. See [this](https://docs.redstone.finance/docs/get-started/supported-chains/) guide to learn how to use Redstone feeds.

###### On-chain Feed (Push) Contract Addresses 

| Feed              | Contract Address                                                                                                                                      |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| BTC/USD           | <CopyableCode code="0xf1454949C6dEdfb500ae63Aa6c784Aa1Dde08A6c" href="https://explorer-sepolia.inkonchain.com/address/0xf1454949C6dEdfb500ae63Aa6c784Aa1Dde08A6c?tab=contract" /> |
| ETH/USD           | <CopyableCode code="0xb4fe9028A4D4D8B3d00e52341F2BB0798860532C" href="https://explorer-sepolia.inkonchain.com/address/0xb4fe9028A4D4D8B3d00e52341F2BB0798860532C?tab=contract" /> |
| USDT/USD          | <CopyableCode code="0xb9D0073aCb296719C26a8BF156e4b599174fe1d5" href="https://explorer-sepolia.inkonchain.com/address/0xb9D0073aCb296719C26a8BF156e4b599174fe1d5?tab=contract" /> |
| USDC/USD          | <CopyableCode code="0xb67047eDF6204F4C81333248dA71F8387050790C" href="https://explorer-sepolia.inkonchain.com/address/0xb67047eDF6204F4C81333248dA71F8387050790C?tab=contract" /> |
| SOL/USD           | <CopyableCode code="0xE94c9f9A1893f23be38A5C0394E46Ac05e8a5f8C" href="https://explorer-sepolia.inkonchain.com/address/0xE94c9f9A1893f23be38A5C0394E46Ac05e8a5f8C?tab=contract" /> |

Commit message:

feat: add API3 data feeds section to oracles documentation

src/pages/build/oracles.mdx, after:

import CopyableCode from "@/components/CopyableCode";

# Oracles

Oracles are systems enabling smart contracts to access data from the real world. For example, a DeFi smart contract might require the price of Ether to function, but that is not information that is available onchain. The price must be fed to the contract via another contract that stores this information, i.e. an oracle. 

### API3

API3 offers [100+ data feeds](https://market.api3.org/ink-sepolia-testnet) on Ink testnet. See [this](https://market.api3.org/ink-sepolia-testnet) guide to learn how to use API3 feeds.

### Pyth

Pyth offers 250+ prices feeds for Ink.
See [this](https://docs.pyth.network/price-feeds/getting-started) guide to learn how to use Pyth feeds.

| Contract Name     | Contract Address                                                                                                                                      |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Pyth              | <CopyableCode code="0x2880aB155794e7179c9eE2e38200202908C17B43" href="https://explorer-sepolia.inkonchain.com/address/0x2880aB155794e7179c9eE2e38200202908C17B43?tab=contract" /> |

### Redstone

Redstone provides both pull and push price feeds for Ink. See [this](https://docs.redstone.finance/docs/get-started/supported-chains/) guide to learn how to use Redstone feeds.

###### On-chain Feed (Push) Contract Addresses 

| Feed              | Contract Address                                                                                                                                      |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| BTC/USD           | <CopyableCode code="0xf1454949C6dEdfb500ae63Aa6c784Aa1Dde08A6c" href="https://explorer-sepolia.inkonchain.com/address/0xf1454949C6dEdfb500ae63Aa6c784Aa1Dde08A6c?tab=contract" /> |
| ETH/USD           | <CopyableCode code="0xb4fe9028A4D4D8B3d00e52341F2BB0798860532C" href="https://explorer-sepolia.inkonchain.com/address/0xb4fe9028A4D4D8B3d00e52341F2BB0798860532C?tab=contract" /> |
| USDT/USD          | <CopyableCode code="0xb9D0073aCb296719C26a8BF156e4b599174fe1d5" href="https://explorer-sepolia.inkonchain.com/address/0xb9D0073aCb296719C26a8BF156e4b599174fe1d5?tab=contract" /> |
| USDC/USD          | <CopyableCode code="0xb67047eDF6204F4C81333248dA71F8387050790C" href="https://explorer-sepolia.inkonchain.com/address/0xb67047eDF6204F4C81333248dA71F8387050790C?tab=contract" /> |
| SOL/USD           | <CopyableCode code="0xE94c9f9A1893f23be38A5C0394E46Ac05e8a5f8C" href="https://explorer-sepolia.inkonchain.com/address/0xE94c9f9A1893f23be38A5C0394E46Ac05e8a5f8C?tab=contract" /> |
